Interviewer: So hi Islam, how are you, sir?

Interviewee: Great.

Interviewer: Oh, we just want to understand from where you come, you know. Why have you chosen India as your destination for higher education? So just a few basic questions about your life and, you know, how are you coping, you know, living, leaving your friends and family back in your country and, you know, coming, you know, miles away, staying in a new country. How is it? So if you can give me like a short introduction from there you can, you know, we all are there in our family.

Interviewee: So, okay, first of all, I am Islam Salem, I'm from Yemen, actually. And like, I chose India because my father, he was like, came he was coming, he was like gaming in the Okay. And after that, he liked the culture and he like, like, oh, there is like, they understand like, for studying, it is so good for them. So he also came after his for his masters or for his graduation for mastery. Live master. He did Bachelor of Computer Application, like what I'm doing right now. It's not about like, no, he told me she was dead. Because like, I'm interested in computers and this stuff.

Interviewer: And how many siblings do you have?

Interviewee: I have five siblings. One sister and three brothers. Okay. With them like we are four.

Interviewer: So how did you come to India?

Interviewee: As a direct flight, we have to take like a via Dubai or something. Actually, like directly because there's only one company there. It's Yemen. Yeah. And it's good.

Interviewer: Okay, so good.

Interviewee: And after, like, exactly from Yemen to India. Oh, no problem.

Interviewer: So you chose India because your father gave me, or you thought that, you know, because he studied your union, you wanted to come and see this place where he studied?

Interviewee: Exactly, I was like, oh, like, I will see like a movie and the people Oh my god.

Interviewer: What did you know anything about India before coming?

Interviewee: I didn't know about Bollywood or, you know, like, I knew one. Only one thing I knew when I came here is cricket. I don't play for. And one word, but yeah.

Interviewer: Have you learned any new words anyway?

Interviewee: So now, which university are you studying?

Interviewer: I'm studying Symbiosis. It's SICSR. I'm doing BCA.

Interviewee: Okay, and how did you choose? A scholarship program?

Interviewer: No.

Interviewee: Okay, so how did you choose? How did you know about Symbiosis?

Interviewee: Actually, I was studying English before, like, one year. Okay. I did six months CT English. Adult this LT so Symbiosis. Okay. Again, my friends told me about that.

Interviewer: Okay, okay. So you started there. And I was so much interested in going to college after doing the course.

Interviewee: But so did when you came to India first deal. So of course you joined LTS and you joined Symbiosis but we were staying in a hostel.

Interviewer: Are you staying as a PG or what are you staying in?

Interviewee: Hostel.

Interviewer: Okay.

Interviewee: I didn't like it. Okay, but I wasn't staying in a hostel. I mean, that's embarrassing. No, I was like, super in a private.

Interviewee: I do not like it. Because it's not that good. Like, facilities-wise. There is a lot of problems there. I don't need to say it here.

Interviewer: Okay.

Interviewee: So yeah, okay, but so when you stayed in the private hospital, did anybody help you find accommodation when you came?

Interviewee: Yeah, that person that like my friend that told me about Symbiosis, he brought me there. It was near from the elders. Okay. That's why I chose it. And I don't like it. And I have to like it because it's so close.

Interviewer: So how do you commute? You have a bike? Right now, did you give it a thing? You're there. I've heard many stories about you and your bike. But yes. So when you first came, and so you took the Yemen to Bombay flight, correct? And then you came to Pune by road?

Interviewee: Yeah, actually, I came like the person that they bring me here. He says we'd love you to come by car. I said no, I want to take a train.

Interviewer: The train wasn't comfortable?

Interviewee: No, we took the sheathing class or a class, something like that. He told me like going to first class. I said no, I want like a movie.

Interviewer: Floor, right?

Interviewee: Exactly.

Interviewer: But so now that you have spent how many years in India now?

Interviewee: One year. I completed one year and a month ago.

Interviewer: Was it sick?

Interviewee: And then I was doing LTS for six months?

Interviewer: Actually one and a half years practically.

Interviewee: Exactly.

Interviewer: Yeah. Okay. So anything interesting that I know a few interesting stories that have been with you, but anything interesting that has happened, anything that you will want to share with us? Have you faced any discrimination because you don't look very different?

Interviewee: Yeah, yeah.

Interviewer: You look very Indian, you know, it's not that you know, some students are very different, so they face a lot of discrimination, you know, because of that, but you don't. You look like one of us. But having said that, did you face any discrimination when you came to India?

Interviewee: Like when I went everywhere, they told me I'm Indian. I said, No, I'm not from India.

Interviewer: They must have assumed you were.

Interviewee: You look like Baba.

Interviewer: Yeah.

Interviewee: No, I'm not from here, I'm from outside. And he started talking in Indian. I don't know what the problem is.

Interviewer: Oh, because then there was a communication problem when you came?

Interviewee: Yeah, exactly.

Interviewer: So what is the average you spend in a month? Tell me the truth.

Interviewee: I used to spend a lot, my father. My father, I'm tired.

Interviewer: What does your father do?

Interviewee: Flight and then? Yeah, so I used to talk to him. My father, I'm tired of the money. And I used them.

Interviewee: But like, actually, for one month, it's about $300.

Interviewer: 300.

Interviewee: So if I could get Mom...

Interviewer: It's always gonna be, yeah. Okay. And in your college, how, I mean, how do you find your college or lectures? You know, done? Like, every day do they teach in English? I mean, how is it? How's the experience?

Interviewee: The teachers are so great.

Interviewer: No, you can tell me the truth.

Interviewee: That's all good things.

Interviewee: No, no, exactly. Like when also the students talking in Hindi. The teacher said like, there are so many students here who can speak English. They can't speak Indian. I translate, like speak in English here.

Interviewer: And how many students are there in Pune right now?

Interviewee: In Pune? Too much.

Interviewee: There is only one number?

Interviewee: Yeah, it's like, there is one association. Yes. So there is one or not. There is one area. It's called Kondwa.

Interviewee: Yeah.

Interviewee: Okay. There is a maximum of 3 or 4 thousand units there in that Fuelie.

Interviewee: Yeah, exactly.

Interviewer: Do you miss anyone or friends? Many of you just go to like my country?

Interviewee: Yeah.

Interviewer: But do all of them come on a scholarship or are they self-funded?

Interviewee: Most are self-funded.

Interviewer: Okay, that's nice. But have you made friends? Anybody other than your Yemeni students?

Interviewee: Other than Yemeni, a lot from a lot of countries, from Russia, from Sudan, from Egypt, from our country and outside country. And from India, in India.

Interviewer: So now that you have spent like one and a half years in India, would you recommend India to your friends and family to come and study?

Interviewee: For sure. Like my brother, he came here for one week ago. I talked to him.

Interviewer: Your brother?

Interviewee: My brother, yeah.

Interviewer: Is he studying LTS?

Interviewee: So I talk with my family. It's so great. I like all my friends. If I have a chance to bring them here, I'll bring them all.

Interviewer: Okay, nice. Any one positive thing that you would like to tell us about your stay in India?

Interviewee: Positive?

Interviewer: Yeah. Any one incident that you really remember? Like, some positive incident.

Interviewee: Like, it's so calm. It's so calm here. Like it's so great for studying. And positive things are the people that give you motivation. And like you have a lot of friends here, they become like family after. So this is the positive thing.

Interviewer: Do you interact with so many students from different countries?

Interviewee: So you kind of get like a flavor of every country, you know, just staying in Pune. It's all in one area. You know, like a lot of friends here, and they don't feel alone at all.

Interviewer: So you have your own groups and your own set of people.

Interviewee: Yeah, yes.

Interviewer: So I think that's it. Anything you would want to tell us, any experience maybe you would want to share? Good, bad, just the other day the buyer comes in.

Interviewee: Nice.

Interviewer: Thank you so much for doing this small informal interview with us.

Interviewee: Thank you.

Interviewer: Thank you so much.

